19 Sep 2024:
Day 1 of jam. Theme is "Evolving Abilities". I'm thinking of doing something
related to an incremental game. Ideally the mechanics itself is all about
evolving abilities. The idea is that your child has been kidnapped by a
dragon, so you are going to mine down the mountain to rescue them. It starts
off with you clicking on the mountain to mine it, and then clicking on the
mined material, to move it to base. And in base, it gets ecaluated some value.
Then you can get dwarves who will mine for you, and some other creatures who
will carry the material for you. then you unlock bigger miners, andtrains to
move the material quickly and things along those lines. I feel it hits the
evolving well enough, but maybe could be better. Overall I like the idea of
the incremental style game 

---

20 Sep 2024:
I'm still not fully sure exactly how the presentation is going to be, but for
now, lets just stick with the bring down the mountain kinda thing. Or maybe we
can do a bring down the dam kinda thing? Either way, lets start off and get
the basics in place and see how it goes. Lets start off with a color pallete.

NEXT: Implement Carriers

Okay if you say so.

I think I need to think about how the resources will be consumed. So we should
have builder, like miner it will consume I guess. Sure.

Moving into the 3rd (!) session ofthe day. But I don't know what to work on
next. I think it's reached a point where we now have to do the design things.
So let's atleast set that up? So we need to set up costs and limitations on
some of these things. So basically when to disable things.

How to store and determine costs? That's a good question. From a design
perspective I think I like one of the kinds of answers that I have, but from a
tech perspective, I don't think I know the answer. Umm it could be something
we work out from a spreadsheet I guess?

So there is rate of creation, rate of movement, and rate of consumption.
Then depending on which rate is faster, there is also the storage set of
things.

But now, when it comes to creation, there are multiple ways to speed it up. We
could either add a new miner, or speed up mining. Similarly, add a new
carrier, or speed up all carriers. Things like that. So that's also something
that we need to see.

So what's the thing to put on the spreadsheet? Is it the ideal curves? And
then based on things when to do that? Maybe something like that.

So right now, we are thinking og things in terms of cost. COuld also be in
terms of talents? In the sense that the same money can be used for differnt
things. But then we can just have the same cost, and that should be okay
right?

Or maybe we can do the rate of carrying things? ANd strength? ANd also idle
times

I'm thinking if we want to do the carry multiple. Because it's the equivalent
of adding aonther carrier. But maybe that is the point kinda? That we have the
three ways to increase rate of movement, and they all multiply.

So in terms of cost, what's the deal? What are we trying to do? If there are
three ways that we can increase output, then ideally, the one that increases
the speed the least should be the cheapest.

So on the reverse side, when something is least effective, it should be most
expensive

So I think that having round numbers like we do now is a bit of an issue?
Because it seems like no matter what we do, the rates are not ideal. So
basically, here the game should be about balancing the three different types
of rates. production, movement, and consumption. So you first want to upgrade
the movements. lets put actual numbers that we have and see how it grows.

---

21 Sep 2024:
Okay boo, we got this lets go. So I think we have "solutions" to the problems
as stated yesterday. Basically, we have a thing that speeds up production by
creating a "new" resource, that slows everything down again. That was the
concern from yesterday I think. So I think that the goal for today needs to be
to have the whole game playable. That includes having a rough set of target
numbers for all of the different unlocks and achievements and things like
that. Also a scaffolding for all the text and dialogue. So lets start off with
doing the upgrade?

Okay that works. Create buttons for speed up of other things.
Okay that's done. Now we need to work on the unlock systems.

NEXT: Show points. Create unlock system, linked to overall monumnet score.

Okay. Lets do the unlock system.
